on this episode of the real teachers of
Abu Dhabi know what you're trying to say
cuz I'm being security or new cultures
new people and new experiences what's
not to love life is an adventure enjoy
every moment of it you can take the girl
out of America but you can't take the
America out of the girl when opportunity
comes knocking it may become my best
friend
raise your hand if you've ever been in a
flash mob I have now after i read online
that there was going to be one in the AL
a mall I grabbed my girls and headed
straight there no
people around us should not know each
other so we were asked to wear either
red or white and the mall is in on it
and basically when we hear the song
cupid shuffle we start to dance wherever
we are just start to dance
haha
Oh
and of course I spotted my fellow
Ohioans there
and speaking of fellow Ohioans my girl
princess is from Cincinnati like me and
she teaches in LA and we're going to
have a birthday party for both of us on
march 30th and I thought what better way
to top Shawn's halls dirty 30 then to
have my fabulous 35th on a yacht so
princess and I went to the dubai marina
to pick
okay we have three bedrooms and of
course we'll use the jacuzzi so Shakira
Keisha and Tasha are new to Abu Dhabi
and I always love when new teachers
arrive because I get to take them to my
favorite places and show it to them for
the first time like the Dubai Mall where
we practice our super model poses
wave
and then we headed to another one of my
favorite places madinat jumeirah
like to see push penis yours I have some
from New York
and then we finished up the night by
heading to a comedy show my goodness as
you watch the jersey whore I mean sure
so I name is shana which literally
translates to black camel the night
Ramona backstreet pub and this comedy
show featured one of our own a teacher
named ray know what you're trying to say
because I'm big and I'm black I have any
security or that's right bodyguard he's
a dude I'm sorry I didn't mean to offend
you you know I should have a soul after
you shift another source was wrong with
people he said so what growing up in the
movie I said I'm going on I'm sure it's
pretty obvious I love the UAE this
country has given so much to me and I
want to give back so I heard of an event
going on livingsocial and Abu Dhabi
cause connect came together to help feed
laborers in the community so I rounded
up my teachers to take part two